JLM: The European central banker gives every month... Every month!
80 billion euros to European banks
to allow them to replenish their accounts and lend you money.
They replenish their accounts, and they lend you nothing.
And, when they lend, you must be careful.
The other day, I went to the market, as you know, because you saw the short movie.
And, when I arrived at the end the market, there was a woman whose shop burned.
She had to start again from the begining, this woman who have all load on her back - of her family, of the rest, well, all of you know of the life.
So, she had to borrow to refurnish her restaurant!
If she wanted to buy a new car, she would have borrowed at 2.5%.
But, to make her restaurant run again  - with several employees -
she shall borrow at 7.5%!
7.5%! This. This is exploitation.
The bank who do this... I don't know who is the guy or the girl who signs the paper.
But, he should be ashamed. He should be ashamed to take a oversized part of the work of brave people who devote themselves,
when, to them, the central banker lends at, almost 0%.
Almost 0% for them, 7.5% for that woman who sustains a whole family
and who brings a common service!
That's why, when I say you have nothing to expect from banks without tighten their throat,
I may speak loud, I may talk sharp,
but I describe that human truth.
And, the people, powdered and perfumed, who are so self-satisfied, and satisfied about this flexible economy, competitive and all,
of course, look down on me, and, see me as a savage
But, the true savages are them. The people who are capable of enslaving others in this way!
(applauses)